I think for me as you get older, um,
it's not how hard you lift, it's how
smart you lift. And I think with X3,
it's more in the smarter category than
the harder.
All
[Music]
right, Terara,
being one of the best players in the NFL
uh for many years, I know you saw a lot
of guys injured while they were training
and that wasn't necessary. Tell me about
your philosophy. I mean, my philosophy,
I guess, with seeing a lot of guys being
injured, um, and obviously having a few
injuries myself, I think the most
important thing for myself was really
kind of to be proactive, um, rather than
reactive. I mean, obviously injuries are
a big part of any sport. Um, in order to
really kind of have that longevity, uh,
to be able to be productive and really
perform at the highest level and then be
considered, you know, one of the
greatest. that you can't be considered
one of the greatest if you don't have a
long uh career. If you have a short
career, um it can be short-lived and you
can only be like, "Oh, I wish I would
have or I could have." Um but most of
what I saw was um you know how guys took
care of their bodies, especially the
guys that played 10, 15, 20 years. And
there's only a few of those guys that
are, you know, played 20 years or more.
So, I played 15 years in the National
Football League, but I honestly I
wouldn't have been able to uh obtain
that uh had I not been able to take care
of my body. Um it's not only just uh you
know, taking care of it physically uh
but from a nutritional standpoint as
well.
>> Sure. Now, you've had great results out
of X3. Tell me a little bit about using
X3 so that you can train heavier with
less risk of injury because that's one
thing that NFL players really don't have
the opportunity to ever do.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's uh it's not a a lot
of weights that are on your bones, uh,
so to speak. I mean, with weights,
obviously, it's a lot of pressure. Um,
with resistance, you still get a little
bit of that, but you're gaining strength
as you press out or against the
resistance. And I think for me, as you
get older, um, it's not how hard you
lift, it's how smart you lift. And I
think with X3, it's more in the smarter
category than the harder.
>> What are some of your favorite movements
that you've tried with X3? Um, I like
the sort of like the deadlift, uh, more
the over the over the shoulder, uh,
shoulder presses. Um, yeah. So, for me,
um, it's all about like cuz I play a lot
of sports. Um, obviously I'm using, you
know, obviously strength uh, with my
legs, my arms. Um, but like I said,
playing basketball, uh, being able to be
durable, bumping into guys here and
there. Um, but you know, like I said,
>> and you're a tall guy, like if you twist
your ankle and it's not prepared, then
you could cause an injury. But if you're
using X3, it actually is kind of
prepared.
>> Yeah. And I think with bands, uh, it
targets the more the the the smaller
intrinsic muscles. Um, growing up and
lifting weights, uh, back, I would say,
in the 70s, 80s, 90s. Um, for me,
>> you don't like saying ' 70s, do you?
>> Not so much. But
>> really like that,
>> but but it's all good. But it's relative
to what we're talking about today
because you've seen the evolution of how
sports have gotten faster. Um, athletes
have gotten bigger, faster, and
stronger. So guys like yourself creating
something like X3, uh, it evolves with
the game. It evolves with with time. And
so with the personal training that I've
had over the over my the course of my
career then yeah I I was no different
you know in high school and college you
know where we had strength and
conditioning coaches where they wasn't
probably I guess mindwise expansive uh
to to where technology is and where
bands are right now because in high
school you target all the muscle the
major muscle groups. I mean, guys are
quick to go jump on the bench, squat,
leg press.
>> They can't control the power.
>> Incline. Uh, with X3, you encompass a
little bit of both. And you're building
strength at at the same time
>> and balance and stability.
>> Exactly. And the eentric is what really
the eccentric uh part of uh lifting and
using these bands is what's really
really critical uh especially when you
talk about balance and propriception uh
things those those type of words. At
first, I was actually kind of planning
on just selling like a, you know, bands
for, right, 40 bucks. Problem is, you
grab onto a band, you throw it around
your back, and you go to do like a
push-up. This happens to your wrists,
and so you get heavy enough and you're
just twisting your joints and that's
uncomfortable. Then neural inhibition
happens, which shuts your muscles off.
You're not getting anything out of it.
With X3, because of the bar, you can
deliver massive amounts of force. Very,
very risk-f free. Well, I think what you
just demonstrated with how when you just
throw some bands on, like I said, it the
bands start to obviously configure your
your limbs or what have you, but with
the bar, it corrects that that movement,
those positions. X3 basically kind of it
basically you it's used as sort of like
a stabilizer uh a placemat or a
placeholder um for your joints and your
movements. So, with those with those
placements, with those movements with
the X3 X3 bar, um that's why it it will
help you be able to lift heavier weight
and you're remaining safe at the same
time. Obviously, with the X3 uh bar, the
bands, X3 bands, um like I said, it will
tax you. Um obviously, a lot of people
want to be in the gym for an hour, hour
and a half, two hours. It's really not
the quantity of time that you're in the
gym in the gym. I think with X3 is the
quality. Um, obviously you come with a
quality bar. You're coming with quality
X3 bands. Um, again, you don't need to
be in the gym no more than really with
these bands, 30 to 45 minutes. And
that's a stretch. For somebody like
myself, you look at the shape that
you're in. We could probably go 30 to 45
minutes, but with X3, I'm going to give
you at least 10 minutes,
>> right? I mean myself, like I said, I'm
not I look in the greatest shape, but
with this right here, it will make me
wimp out. 10 minutes, fatigue,
exhaustion,
>> right? And then you grow and you see
that.
>> Exactly. Exactly. I mean, I wouldn't
look I mean, I look good anyway, but
with using using the X3 bar, I mean, it
only enhances, you know, what people see
on a daily basis. And obviously with the
exercises that I'll be demonstrating,
um, you'll be able to see that this is
it it looks easy, but it isn't easy. If
this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.